https://codepen.io/jiayi-ren/pen/wvapbLd

1. What is Semantic HTML?
    HTML that gives meaning to our content such as nav, section, footer, h1-h6,etc.
2. What is HTML used for?
    Hypertext Markup Language(HTML) is used for creating a web page, specifically the structure of the web page.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is a modifier to control an element that is inside the opening tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is used for main title and should be only used once on a page.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, form
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Links, metadata
7. What is an id?
    An id is an unique specifier for an element.
8. What elements can I add an id to?
    An id can be used on any elements.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    One time.
10. What is a class?
    A class is an attribute mostly used for same styles.
11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any elements.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add target="_blank" in the opening tag.
14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The alt attribute is used for description of an image.
15. How do I reference an id?
    Use #id.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section has a semantic purpose whereas a div simply creates a division.
17. What is CSS used for?
    Styling a web page.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used for multiple element while an id is only for one element. 
    For example, we can have multiple paragraph have the same class for styling purposes.
    At the same time, we can assign an unique id for one particular paragraph to make it attractive.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector is a specifier that targets the child element of a parent element.
    It can be used if we want a different style for the child element without affecting the parent element.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a keyword added after the element to specifies a special state such as hover.
25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
29. How do I select everything on the page?
    body{}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm .The file is not recoverable once removed using command line.
34. Why should I use version control?
    For collaboration, restoration, backup, updates.
35. How often should I commit to github?
    It depends but usually after some key updates.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push origin master/ git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    a.fork
    b.add TL as collaborator
    c.clone the repo
    d.cd to directory for saving forked clone
    e.git clone <link-to-repo> to clone repo
    f.cd to forked clone
    g.git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create own branch
    h.make changes on your branch
        git add .
        git commit -m "message"
        git push -u origin branch-name
    i.find your branch on github
        create a pull request
        select your forked repo as base
        add TL as reviewers
        finish creating a pull request


Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element starts a new line and take the full width.
    A inline element doesn't start a new line and take any necessary width.
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    When an element is positioned absolutely, its position is referenced to the containing block. 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Use inline-block which has the ability to increase width yet not take full width.
4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block:h1,p,div
    inline:a, img
    inline-block:button
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The box model is used to control a element's sizes.
    From inner box being the content area, boxes surrounding are padding, border, margin, and position.
    The problem can cause bad responsiveness, odd layouts and can be solved by using box-sizing:border-box.